---
title: "Forum #12 - Caroline Campbell with Diann Bauer"
---

Artist and PhD researcher Caroline Campbell (Goldsmiths) will present new writing entitled *Brute Force Attack*, and a selected audio track *Deltron 3030*, by Deltron. Artist, writer and researcher Diann Bauer (Westminster) joins us in discussion.

[Link to texts and audio](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/tuovbewhj3bwij0/AABcqy6kayw2bL3sfes9Bw6Fa?dl=0)

**Caroline Campbell** is an artist, writer, filmmaker and practice-based researcher in Goldsmiths Visual Cultures Department. Caroline works under the name Loitering Theatre individually and with other collaborators. Loitering Theatre work across video, text, mixed message, false flags, meme magic, artificial intellect, viral viral interference and future archaeologies of time; as they seek to make the intangible of networks manifest. Their work often engages with the hidden structures and abstractions of accelerated networked capitalism and the futurisms of the military industrial complex. Loitering Theatre use varied techniques to decode and oppose current systems of consensus reality. They create radical synapses between future-present sci-fi technologies and lost systems of ancient ritual power. Along the way, time is stretched and bent and technology no longer develops along its linear path. – [loiteringtheatre.org](http://www.loiteringtheatre.org)

**Diann Bauer** is an artist and writer based in London. She studied both art and architecture at the Cooper Union in NY and Goldsmiths College,London. She is currently a researcher at Westminster University, UK. Much of her work is collaborative and interdisciplinary with projects including Laboria Cuboniks, with whom she wrote and published Xenofeminism, A Politics for Alienation in 2015 and A.S.T. (the Alliance of the Southern Triangle), a working group of artists, architects and curators that use the art field as a platform to broaden interdisciplinary collaboration with a focus on urbanism and climate change. Bauer has screened and exhibited independently at Tate Britain, The ICA, The Showroom and FACT Liverpool, Deste Foundation, Athens, The New Museum, and Socrates sculpture park, New York and recently completed a project with Arts at CERN. She has taught and lectured widely at universities and cultural institutions including: Cornell University, Yale University, the New School and Cooper Union (US), HKW (Germany), ETH (Switzerland), DAI (Netherlands), Ashkal Alwan (Lebanon), The Tate and the ICA London. – [diannbauer.net](http://www.diannbauer.net)
