---
title: "Forum #18 - Katharina Ludwig with Mira Mattar"
---

Artist, writer and PhD researcher Katharina Ludwig will present a text that has taken multiple forms: a performance lecture, artwork, conference “paper”, image description, and extended poem. Written through a poem by anarchist poet Katerina Gogou, the text addresses character study, names, speaking and writing through each other, channelling voices, radical poetry as incantation, and wounded and holey text. It will be read alongside a poem by Sean Bonney. Fiction writer and poet Mira Mattar joins us as respondent.

**Katharina Ludwig** writes and makes art. Her artworks comprise text, installation and objects. Her research in the framework of the Art Research programme at Goldsmiths, University of London, is concerned with narrative holes in women’s writing and the temporalities of the "wounded text”. Katharina tries to activate textual holes as a subversive feminist practice of resistance with insurrectional potential that treats textual wounds as a political and writerly strategy in opposition to authoritarian systems. Her work has been shown, performed or read internationally and is published by a.o. 3am Magazine, Zeno Press, Chris Airlines, MaBibliothèque.

**Mira Mattar** writes fiction and poetry. She is an independent researcher, editor, and tutor. A Palestinian/Jordanian born in the suburbs of London, she continues to live and work there. Her first book, *Yes, I Am A Destroyer* was recently published by Ma Bibliothèque. Her first chapbook, *Affiliation*, is forthcoming from Sad Press; and her first collection of poems will be published by The 87 Press.